We've had Onesight coming in to conduct some
vision screenings here with the children.
Families have been extremely
happy with the ability to have that screening
conducted at the centre.
It provides an early intervention if
there's children that have challenges
or difficulties in any of those areas sometimes
it's not picked up.
Some of these things can be very subtle, but they
can still have an impact on children.
It can certainly impact on the on their
behaviour, the self-esteem,
being able to communicate
and do things that they can see other children
accomplishing.
They're not getting halfway through prep or
halfway through you one and having to
then discover that they might have been something
that could have been done early on.
So my role within our OPSM and
Luxottica is a optical dispenser
for the flagship store in Brisbane City.
The thing that I get out of this is something
that I don't see as much
in a retail store where I give people glasses
every day.
The opportunities and sometimes the challenges
that families in certain areas that we go to,
they might not have an optometrist locally in
a screening like this.
It's knowing that a child isn't
going to go in to prep or isn't going to go into
school and not be able to see the board.
We've come in at the right time and we've been
able to give them a bit of a breadfruit show.
It's very rewarding.
It's so satisfying being able to see
the smile people get out of it as well.